Python is an 'Interpreter'
LEFT to RIGHT
Interprets compiles each line of source code one by one. Adv. -  Easy to debug. 
Compiler compiles the entire code by combining it as a package. If there is an error, it will just say it is an error rather than explaining about the type or location of the error.

Difference between Interpreter and Compiler --> Interpreter codes are risky. In compiler, codes are safe as it cannot be cracked easily.

Low level language - Machine readable
High level language - User readable 

**Python is a high level language.
***Python is CASE-SENSITIVE

Any language for the matter should comprise of the following components:
1) Alpha numeric characters
2) Dictionary (Python modules) - LEXIS in Python
3) Syntax 
4) Symantics (should make sense/meaning)

Modules:
--------
Modules come from THREE different places
1) Python itself (from the installation)
2) Third-party modules (from Github, python repository etc) - Invoke third party modules using 'pip' command. connected from the internet.
3) From your own code


Python programs can be created with a text editor and saving the file with extension .py

Code inside the text editor - Source code
File containing the source code - Source file 

To run a python program, in command prompt, type "python" followed by the absolute location of the source file.
*Absolute path is the complete location of the file from the basic folder.
*Relative path is the shorter file location path - which will be used in Linux

Comments can be differentiated from the source code by using # in front of each comment line.
Multi lines in a source code can be converted as comments by typing them between triple double quotes.

PYTHON codes can be run in IDE's (Integrated Development Environment)
---------------------------------
Example - IDLE (Integrated Development & Learning Environment) is where you can run python codes directly, without saving a python source file and running it separately.
*We can convert Command Prompt to a python console by just entering "python" and Enter
Console environment is denoted by '>>>' before each source code line.
To come out of Console -> enter 'exit ()'

*PyCharm is one such IDE

GIT/GIT HUB
-----------
GIT HUB is nothing but a cloud storage solution for the source codes/fies.
GIT has to be installed separately in Windows to execute GIT commands.
Files saved in GIT HUB can be saved in local folders by using code "git clone" in command prompt/terminal.
This will create a live connection between local folder and GIT HUB location. "git pull" command can be used to refresh the files with latest changes.

git pull TEST

Note: Python codes should follow "PEP 8" (style guide) guidelines for better visualization of codes. Pycharm will indicate if our codes are not following PEP 8 guidelines.

PYTHON
======
Data types - FOUR - String, Integer, Float, Boolean

String - Anything that is entered with single or double quotes.
Arguments - Entries inside the paranthesis.

Example
-------

Positional Arguments - print ("Hello","World") will give the output "Hello World"
"Hello" is the first argument' "World" is the second argument

Keyword Arguments:
1) sep - Indicates how each argument should be separated
2) end - Indicates how the last argument should end.

Special characters:
Will work inside ' or " only.
\n - new line
\t - tab space

Escapte Character - Used to break that character as an ending syntax character
"\"
print ("I'm learning Python") --> I'm learning Python
print ('I\'m learnig "Python") --> I'm learning "Python"

Note: Select the section of code with control and press '?' to change the selected code as Comments.



"I'm"
""learning""
"""Python"""
